readme.md, before:

&!:pier

Software to determine a minimal set of Sequences of interdependent Courses. These Sequences are the input for creating an actual Schedule.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hcm2h3C2WepMt0xYYwRzCC1oJmZjo3IkqQ8WPOhvvxc/edit?gid=0#gid=0

# Rationale
- Produce a Schedule with a minimal amount of Lessons filled-in. Unspecified Lessons translate in more freedom later when a complete and specific Schedule is produced.
- Lessons for Sections that are given to Classes belonging to different Groups must be present in the Schedule.
- When the Schedule mentions at least one Lesson for an Hour for a Group, it must be completed with Lessons for all Classes in that Group.
- Courses that are too large for a single Section must be split, preferably grouping Classes belonging to the same Group together.
- Additional Constraints might be present for a Course: a specific classroom or teacher might be required.

# WBS
## Input
- [x] Info on Classes, Groups, Courses and Constraints from a single `.csv` file
- [x] Maximum Section capacity
- [ ] An optional Schedule that must be used as starting point
- [x] Max nr of steps
- [x] Iteration count
## Output
- [x] Terminal print-out
- [*] A list of Schedules in `.csv` format, with a score
- [x] Create folder with all output
	- [-] Fail if folder already exists
## Processing
- [x] Determing sizes for data structures
- [x] Create data structures
- [x] Load data from input
- [x] Split Courses into Sections
	- [x] Combine Classes over different Groups when not full yet
- [x] Fit Lessons that belong to a Section that is not given to the whole Group
- [x] Only try to fit a single Lesson belonging to a Section
- [x] Do not try to fit a Lesson in more that one empty Hour
- [*] Compute 'hours_per_week' from data
- [/] Process recursively
	- [x] Fit Lessons for Classes in a Group where other Classes are already scheduled
	- [x] Single-shot fitting: the first slot that fits is take, not backtracking
	- [x] Try all available slots for a Lesson
- [x] Write-out solutions with score in folder
- [x] Sort solutions by score
- [x] Do not add classes with 0 students
- [x] Sort classes per group
- [ ] Take Constraints into account

# Terms

Schedule
: A grid Lessons with Hours in the rows and Classes in the columns

Class
: Group of students that have the same Courses

Group
: Set of Classes that follow common courses

Course
: A theme of lessons with a fixed number of hours per week

Section
: A specific offering of a Course limited by the maximum capacity

Lesson
: One of potentially many lesson hours for a given Section

Hour
: One of 32 hours where a Lesson can be teached

Constraint
: A limitation on the scheduling of a Course or Section

Commit message:

WIP on random split of Course into Sections

readme.md, after:

&!:pier

Software to determine a minimal set of Sequences of interdependent Courses. These Sequences are the input for creating an actual Schedule.

https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1hcm2h3C2WepMt0xYYwRzCC1oJmZjo3IkqQ8WPOhvvxc/edit?gid=0#gid=0

# Rationale
- Produce a Schedule with a minimal amount of Lessons filled-in. Unspecified Lessons translate in more freedom later when a complete and specific Schedule is produced.
- Lessons for Sections that are given to Classes belonging to different Groups must be present in the Schedule.
- When the Schedule mentions at least one Lesson for an Hour for a Group, it must be completed with Lessons for all Classes in that Group.
- Courses that are too large for a single Section must be split, preferably grouping Classes belonging to the same Group together.
- Additional Constraints might be present for a Course: a specific classroom or teacher might be required.

# WBS
## Input
- [x] Info on Classes, Groups, Courses and Constraints from a single `.csv` file
- [x] Maximum Section capacity
- [ ] An optional Schedule that must be used as starting point
- [x] Max nr of steps
- [x] Iteration count
## Output
- [x] Terminal print-out
- [*] A list of Schedules in `.csv` format, with a score
- [x] Create folder with all output
	- [-] Fail if folder already exists
- [x] Add Section id to output
## Processing
- [x] Determing sizes for data structures
- [x] Create data structures
- [x] Load data from input
- [x] Split Courses into Sections
	- [x] Combine Classes over different Groups when not full yet
- [x] Fit Lessons that belong to a Section that is not given to the whole Group
- [x] Only try to fit a single Lesson belonging to a Section
- [x] Do not try to fit a Lesson in more that one empty Hour
- [ ] Compute 'hours_per_week' from data
- [/] Process recursively
	- [*] Try different random splits of a Course into Sections
	- [x] Fit Lessons for Classes in a Group where other Classes are already scheduled
	- [x] Single-shot fitting: the first slot that fits is take, not backtracking
	- [x] Try all available slots for a Lesson
- [x] Write-out solutions with score in folder
- [x] Sort solutions by score
- [x] Do not add classes with 0 students
- [x] Sort classes per group
- [ ] Take Constraints into account

# Terms

Schedule
: A grid Lessons with Hours in the rows and Classes in the columns

Class
: Group of students that have the same Courses

Group
: Set of Classes that follow common courses

Course
: A theme of lessons with a fixed number of hours per week

Section
: A specific offering of a Course limited by the maximum capacity

Lesson
: One of potentially many lesson hours for a given Section

Hour
: One of 32 hours where a Lesson can be teached

Constraint
: A limitation on the scheduling of a Course or Section
